CMake Notes
-----------
CMake support is a work in progress.

Current status:
- basic cmake file layout is set up, that is all directories have
  their CMakeLists.txt file
- the common code to generate xml (install only) and html (build
  and install) has been ported to cmake commands
- pdf, epub and mobi generation has been ported
- dist and distcheck targets are implemented

To do:
- provide uninstall functionality like in the gnucash cmake build system
- handle the special build rules for it (guide and help)
- add windows specific chm file generation

Notable changes:
- while the dist targets work for both autotools and cmake the
  cmake one will only result in a tarball suitable for autotools
  if autotools has been run once before. the cmake build system
  doesn't know how to generate the config related files generated by configure
- scrollkeeper/omf support has been dropped. It used to be required
  for yelp, but that tool stopped using omf after release 2.23.
  All platforms we care about have more recent versions.
- Japanese font substitution has been dumbed down. One can still pass
  fonts and a font directory on the command line via -D switches,
  but the code no longer checks if the font really exists. The resulting
  pdf and fop output will indicate if there's an issue.
- With autotools make one could descend into a directory for a specific
  document and then just run make commands there. Those would affect
  only that document. CMake on the other hand uses a top-level only
  rules system so you can only enter commands from the top-level directory
  That would normally also mean each command would be for the whole project
  so entering "make html" would do so for all books and their translations.

  To mitigate this, I am setting up targets in the form

  <lang>-<docname>-<format>

  for example

  C-gnucash-guide-xml
  C-gnucash-guide-html

  For the build step you can use any of these targets to build only a particular
  language and book. For partial installations it gets slightly more complicated.
  In this case you have to set environment variable CMAKE_INSTALL_COMPONENT
  to the wanted target before calling make install, for example:

  CMAKE_INSTALL_COMPONENT=C-gnucash-guide-html make install

  This will only install the English version of the guide in html.
